Square/v1 (#540)
stitchdata/docs: _developer-files/connect/api/objects/form-properties/sources/saas/square-object.md

#        CONTENT TYPE        #
# -------------------------- #

product-type: "connect"
content-type: "api-form"
form-type: "source"
key: "source-form-properties-square-object"

# -------------------------- #
#        OBJECT INFO         #
# -------------------------- #

title: "Square Source Form Property"
api-type: "platform.square"
display-name: "Square"

source-type: "saas"
docs-name: "square" # This should be whatever integration.name is. Ex: LinkedIn Ads is linkedin-ads

# -------------------------- #
#      OBJECT ATTRIBUTES     #
# -------------------------- #

uses-start-date: true

# Only source-specific attributes need to be listed here.
# The following attributes are considered common,
# and therefore don't need to be listed:
# anchor_time, cron_expression, frequency_in_minutes, image_version, start_date 

object-attributes:
  - name: "sandbox"
    type: "string"
    required: true
    description: |
      If `false`, then Stitch will not connect to your {{ form-property.display-name }} sandbox environment. The default is false.
    value: "`true` or `false`"

# -------------------------- #
#       OAUTH PROPERTIES     #
# -------------------------- #

> oauth-link: "https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/access#authentication"

Reviewer: This probably shouldn't be a Facebook link.

oauth-description: ""

oauth-attributes:
  - name: "refresh_token"
    type: "string"
    required: true
    credential: true
    description: |

>       An access token generated by a Square OAuth handshake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      An access token generated by a {{ form-property.display-name }} OAuth handshake.
```
